Yeah, Being in a PhD program to this day was one of the hardest things
I've done one of the most difficult experiences of my life, but also
one of the absolute best experiences of my life. So I do remember
sitting on my living room floor. This is about Midway and I was having
I was I was just like, What am I doing here on? I remember sitting
on my living room floor and just balling and crying because I had
I had no idea what I was doing with my life. I was The pressure was
tremendous. I was working like, you know, 12 14 16 hour days. There
were literally nights that I slept in the lab. We had a couch and I
would just sleep there because I was working almost all through the
night. It was ridiculous. Um, on the other hands, some of my best friends
to this day are people that I met during that PhD process, including
my husband. That's where we met was in graduate school. We were
in the same lab. Um, and I have memories of so many fun time, So
many adventures. We had exp flooring the you know, the area around us
hiking, canoeing, having parties, you know, going camping. We had
so much fun. I also have really good memories of, like, the people who
were in my lab. We had wonderful times together. And so it was, you
know, it was the best of times. It was the worst of times.